# The-Gaming-Room
Design document for the project "The Gaming Room"
The Gaming Room needed to develop a game called "Draw it or Lose it".The idea of the game was based on an old TV show "Win, Lose or Draw" where players would compete to guess what is being drawn quicker than the other players. The game however would instead render images at a steady rate and complete at 30 seconds and if the puzzle isn't guessed then the remaining teams would have 15 minutes to guess. They want to expand the program to work on multiple platforms rather than just mobile platforms. I created this document to assist in branching out to other platforms, I feel like I expressed the best possible route for "Draw it or Lose it" to have the most efficient way to move between platforms. While developing code I found the UML Diagram to help gauge what classes need to be developed and how the project should communicate. However, what I would improve with my document after having completed it is the leading paragraphs from the executive summary to the domain model. I would expand on each subject to better illustrate how "Draw it or Lose it" should function. I interpreted the client's design to incorporate other platforms as asked but also to put focus on the performance of the game based on each platform. Potentially going to a cloud-based system to better integrate cross-development. I would take in the user's needs and look to make future projects to fit the client's needs and go above whats required. 
